all right Keith let's try your wet hop
beer cascade what hop five percent
alcohol i think you said it was about 16
ounces wet is what you did and i think
you sprinkled some in the mash maybe you
did some in the boil to forget exactly
up shaking the table here interesting
aroma get a little bit of a citrus note
but also kind of a ski over just hold it
there is some bitterness in there I
wonder how much you did for the thing
you must have used commercial hops for
bittering
it's a nice color kind of orange e
fairly clear actually I had low
expectations based on what you said but
I like it pretty well but maybe there
isn't a ton of effect from the wet hops
I think you have to use a lot of them I
was talking to some guys at the home
brew pub today and what I learned is it
is pretty much best I don't know if all
commercial breweries do it this way but
surly for sure just does adding them
just at the end of the boil they even do
it like a hot back that wouldn't be
practical for me but you know just
dumping them all in at the very end of
the boil and then let them sit actually
for a number of minutes 30 to 60 minutes
even so that might be something i'll try
next year I've heard that if you boil
them you can get some more of a
vegetable character which I think it's
kind of what a little bit what I got
although it's getting less
this is pretty good it's not bad it's a
nice pale ale if I didn't know it was a
wet hot beer I would think it's just
kind of a nice pale ale with the you
know a decent amount of bitterness close
you can we gonna kind of fool us tree
out here but it's november fourth and
it's like 50 55 degrees at least 50 it's
nice got my apple juice today so i'm
making cider now this weekend maybe i'll
send you some more comments by come up
with anything else say but yeah I think
it's decent nice job